I see the pool as a deep turquoise colour,
lit from below.
I see a lot of people kind of draped and hanging
out around the perimeter of the pool area,
on benches.
Some in the pool, some kind of parts of themselves
in the pool, but outside of the pool.
People are in various states of dress and
undress.
Someone’s walking by with a stack of towels,
trying to get back to the laundry room.
The night is cool, and the sky is dark, and
there’s, like, a breeze.
The water is warmish and is silky and soft.
And it’s just sort of...
swishing, swishing around.
There’s, like, faint music coming from inside
and it gets louder every time somebody opens the door.
I keep hearing, like, ice in my glass.
Although, I think we weren’t allowed to
drink on the patio.
But that’s part of the feeling of having
a gin and tonic.
It feels kind of misty, kind of foggy.
It feels magical, like a stolen summer night.